c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookStore\WebUI\bin\WebUI.dll.config
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookStore\WebUI\bin\WebUI.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookStore\WebUI\bin\WebUI.pdb
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookStore\WebUI\bin\Domain.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookStore\WebUI\bin\Moq.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookStore\WebUI\bin\Ninject.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookStore\WebUI\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookStore\WebUI\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookStore\WebUI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookStore\WebUI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookStore\WebUI\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookStore\WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookStore\WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookStore\WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookStore\WebUI\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookStore\WebUI\bin\Domain.pdb
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookStore\WebUI\bin\Moq.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookStore\WebUI\bin\Ninject.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookStore\WebUI\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookStore\WebUI\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookStore\WebUI\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookStore\WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookStore\WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookStore\WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookStore\WebUI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookStore\WebUI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookStore\WebUI\obj\Debug\WebUI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookStore\WebUI\obj\Debug\WebUI.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookStore\WebUI\obj\Debug\WebUI.pdb
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookStore\WebUI\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookStore\WebUI\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookStore\WebUI\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BookStore\WebUI\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\bohdan\Downloads\BookStore\BookStore — Part1\WebUI\bin\WebUI.dll.config
C:\Users\bohdan\Downloads\BookStore\BookStore — Part1\WebUI\bin\WebUI.dll
C:\Users\bohdan\Downloads\BookStore\BookStore — Part1\WebUI\bin\WebUI.pdb
C:\Users\bohdan\Downloads\BookStore\BookStore — Part1\WebUI\bin\Domain.dll
C:\Users\bohdan\Downloads\BookStore\BookStore — Part1\WebUI\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\bohdan\Downloads\BookStore\BookStore — Part1\WebUI\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\bohdan\Downloads\BookStore\BookStore — Part1\WebUI\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\bohdan\Downloads\BookStore\BookStore — Part1\WebUI\bin\Moq.dll
C:\Users\bohdan\Downloads\BookStore\BookStore — Part1\WebUI\bin\Ninject.dll
C:\Users\bohdan\Downloads\BookStore\BookStore — Part1\WebUI\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.dll
C:\Users\bohdan\Downloads\BookStore\BookStore — Part1\WebUI\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\bohdan\Downloads\BookStore\BookStore — Part1\WebUI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\bohdan\Downloads\BookStore\BookStore — Part1\WebUI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\bohdan\Downloads\BookStore\BookStore — Part1\WebUI\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\bohdan\Downloads\BookStore\BookStore — Part1\WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\bohdan\Downloads\BookStore\BookStore — Part1\WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
C:\Users\bohdan\Downloads\BookStore\BookStore — Part1\WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\bohdan\Downloads\BookStore\BookStore — Part1\WebUI\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
C:\Users\bohdan\Downloads\BookStore\BookStore — Part1\WebUI\bin\Domain.pdb
C:\Users\bohdan\Downloads\BookStore\BookStore — Part1\WebUI\bin\Domain.dll.config
C:\Users\bohdan\Downloads\BookStore\BookStore — Part1\WebUI\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\bohdan\Downloads\BookStore\BookStore — Part1\WebUI\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\bohdan\Downloads\BookStore\BookStore — Part1\WebUI\bin\Moq.xml
C:\Users\bohdan\Downloads\BookStore\BookStore — Part1\WebUI\bin\Ninject.xml
C:\Users\bohdan\Downloads\BookStore\BookStore — Part1\WebUI\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.xml
C:\Users\bohdan\Downloads\BookStore\BookStore — Part1\WebUI\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\bohdan\Downloads\BookStore\BookStore — Part1\WebUI\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\bohdan\Downloads\BookStore\BookStore — Part1\WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
C:\Users\bohdan\Downloads\BookStore\BookStore — Part1\WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\bohdan\Downloads\BookStore\BookStore — Part1\WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\bohdan\Downloads\BookStore\BookStore — Part1\WebUI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\bohdan\Downloads\BookStore\BookStore — Part1\WebUI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\bohdan\Downloads\BookStore\BookStore — Part1\WebUI\obj\Debug\WebUI.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\bohdan\Downloads\BookStore\BookStore — Part1\WebUI\obj\Debug\WebUI.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\bohdan\Downloads\BookStore\BookStore — Part1\WebUI\obj\Debug\WebUI.csproj.CopyComplete
C:\Users\bohdan\Downloads\BookStore\BookStore — Part1\WebUI\obj\Debug\WebUI.dll
C:\Users\bohdan\Downloads\BookStore\BookStore — Part1\WebUI\obj\Debug\WebUI.pdb
C:\Users\bohdan\Downloads\BookStore\TravelAgency\WebUI\bin\WebUI.dll.config
C:\Users\bohdan\Downloads\BookStore\TravelAgency\WebUI\bin\WebUI.dll
C:\Users\bohdan\Downloads\BookStore\TravelAgency\WebUI\bin\WebUI.pdb
C:\Users\bohdan\Downloads\BookStore\TravelAgency\WebUI\bin\Domain.dll
C:\Users\bohdan\Downloads\BookStore\TravelAgency\WebUI\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\bohdan\Downloads\BookStore\TravelAgency\WebUI\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\bohdan\Downloads\BookStore\TravelAgency\WebUI\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\bohdan\Downloads\BookStore\TravelAgency\WebUI\bin\Moq.dll
C:\Users\bohdan\Downloads\BookStore\TravelAgency\WebUI\bin\Ninject.dll
C:\Users\bohdan\Downloads\BookStore\TravelAgency\WebUI\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.dll
C:\Users\bohdan\Downloads\BookStore\TravelAgency\WebUI\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\bohdan\Downloads\BookStore\TravelAgency\WebUI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\bohdan\Downloads\BookStore\TravelAgency\WebUI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\bohdan\Downloads\BookStore\TravelAgency\WebUI\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\bohdan\Downloads\BookStore\TravelAgency\WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\bohdan\Downloads\BookStore\TravelAgency\WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
C:\Users\bohdan\Downloads\BookStore\TravelAgency\WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\bohdan\Downloads\BookStore\TravelAgency\WebUI\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
C:\Users\bohdan\Downloads\BookStore\TravelAgency\WebUI\bin\Domain.pdb
C:\Users\bohdan\Downloads\BookStore\TravelAgency\WebUI\bin\Domain.dll.config
C:\Users\bohdan\Downloads\BookStore\TravelAgency\WebUI\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\bohdan\Downloads\BookStore\TravelAgency\WebUI\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\bohdan\Downloads\BookStore\TravelAgency\WebUI\bin\Moq.xml
C:\Users\bohdan\Downloads\BookStore\TravelAgency\WebUI\bin\Ninject.xml
C:\Users\bohdan\Downloads\BookStore\TravelAgency\WebUI\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.xml
C:\Users\bohdan\Downloads\BookStore\TravelAgency\WebUI\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\bohdan\Downloads\BookStore\TravelAgency\WebUI\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\bohdan\Downloads\BookStore\TravelAgency\WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
C:\Users\bohdan\Downloads\BookStore\TravelAgency\WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\bohdan\Downloads\BookStore\TravelAgency\WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\bohdan\Downloads\BookStore\TravelAgency\WebUI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\bohdan\Downloads\BookStore\TravelAgency\WebUI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\bohdan\Downloads\BookStore\TravelAgency\WebUI\obj\Debug\WebUI.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\bohdan\Downloads\BookStore\TravelAgency\WebUI\obj\Debug\WebUI.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\bohdan\Downloads\BookStore\TravelAgency\WebUI\obj\Debug\WebUI.csproj.CopyComplete
C:\Users\bohdan\Downloads\BookStore\TravelAgency\WebUI\obj\Debug\WebUI.dll
C:\Users\bohdan\Downloads\BookStore\TravelAgency\WebUI\obj\Debug\WebUI.pdb
C:\Users\ostap\Desktop\TravelAgency-master\TravelAgency-master\WebUI\bin\WebUI.dll.config
C:\Users\ostap\Desktop\TravelAgency-master\TravelAgency-master\WebUI\bin\WebUI.dll
C:\Users\ostap\Desktop\TravelAgency-master\TravelAgency-master\WebUI\bin\WebUI.pdb
C:\Users\ostap\Desktop\TravelAgency-master\TravelAgency-master\WebUI\bin\Domain.dll
C:\Users\ostap\Desktop\TravelAgency-master\TravelAgency-master\WebUI\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\ostap\Desktop\TravelAgency-master\TravelAgency-master\WebUI\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\ostap\Desktop\TravelAgency-master\TravelAgency-master\WebUI\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\ostap\Desktop\TravelAgency-master\TravelAgency-master\WebUI\bin\Moq.dll
C:\Users\ostap\Desktop\TravelAgency-master\TravelAgency-master\WebUI\bin\Ninject.dll
C:\Users\ostap\Desktop\TravelAgency-master\TravelAgency-master\WebUI\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.dll
C:\Users\ostap\Desktop\TravelAgency-master\TravelAgency-master\WebUI\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\ostap\Desktop\TravelAgency-master\TravelAgency-master\WebUI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\ostap\Desktop\TravelAgency-master\TravelAgency-master\WebUI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\ostap\Desktop\TravelAgency-master\TravelAgency-master\WebUI\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\ostap\Desktop\TravelAgency-master\TravelAgency-master\WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\ostap\Desktop\TravelAgency-master\TravelAgency-master\WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
C:\Users\ostap\Desktop\TravelAgency-master\TravelAgency-master\WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\ostap\Desktop\TravelAgency-master\TravelAgency-master\WebUI\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
C:\Users\ostap\Desktop\TravelAgency-master\TravelAgency-master\WebUI\bin\Domain.pdb
C:\Users\ostap\Desktop\TravelAgency-master\TravelAgency-master\WebUI\bin\Domain.dll.config
C:\Users\ostap\Desktop\TravelAgency-master\TravelAgency-master\WebUI\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\ostap\Desktop\TravelAgency-master\TravelAgency-master\WebUI\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\ostap\Desktop\TravelAgency-master\TravelAgency-master\WebUI\bin\Moq.xml
C:\Users\ostap\Desktop\TravelAgency-master\TravelAgency-master\WebUI\bin\Ninject.xml
C:\Users\ostap\Desktop\TravelAgency-master\TravelAgency-master\WebUI\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.xml
C:\Users\ostap\Desktop\TravelAgency-master\TravelAgency-master\WebUI\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\ostap\Desktop\TravelAgency-master\TravelAgency-master\WebUI\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\ostap\Desktop\TravelAgency-master\TravelAgency-master\WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
C:\Users\ostap\Desktop\TravelAgency-master\TravelAgency-master\WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\ostap\Desktop\TravelAgency-master\TravelAgency-master\WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\ostap\Desktop\TravelAgency-master\TravelAgency-master\WebUI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\ostap\Desktop\TravelAgency-master\TravelAgency-master\WebUI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\ostap\Desktop\TravelAgency-master\TravelAgency-master\WebUI\obj\Debug\WebUI.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\ostap\Desktop\TravelAgency-master\TravelAgency-master\WebUI\obj\Debug\WebUI.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\ostap\Desktop\TravelAgency-master\TravelAgency-master\WebUI\obj\Debug\WebUI.csproj.CopyComplete
C:\Users\ostap\Desktop\TravelAgency-master\TravelAgency-master\WebUI\obj\Debug\WebUI.dll
C:\Users\ostap\Desktop\TravelAgency-master\TravelAgency-master\WebUI\obj\Debug\WebUI.pdb
